greetings and salutations this is
follow-the-leader a kind of funny
production that's all about craft
cocktails whether you want to order
mother bar or make them at home my name
is Colin Moriarty and this is my good
friend master bartender Erik Castro
thanks for having me so people know if
they watch the game over Vegas show or
watch the kind of funny videos we have
an official liquor
it's called bourbon and there's a
specific drink that's made with bourbon
that I love very much
thank you're talking about know fashion
Colin yes I am old fashioned he's like
The Godfather classic cocktails people
were drinking two hundred years ago with
any luck they'll be drinking two hundred
years from now yes my friend so we're
making with bourbon but you can also
make it with rye correct you can make
with rye rum cognac pretty much taking
you have around the house today we're
going to be using a good old-fashioned
bourbon excellent we're going to start
this drink out with a couple - two
Angostura bitters which bitters are kind
of like the salt and pepper cocktail so
just a little bit goes a long way I'm
going to do a quarter ounce of simple
syrup and it would be a bourbon
old-fashioned that a couple ounces of
good old Kentucky Bourbon
now Erika I see the string a lot of
people tweet pictures at us because they
know it's like our official drink on the
on kind of funny and they're putting
muddled fruit in it and they're messing
it up what's with that why are people
doing that unfortunate thats something
that kind of started up in the early
1900s in it it's been pretty hard to get
rid of ever since simple is what the old
bat control about so we're putting a
little bit of icy air in the in the to
mix it around with that one actor
another nice no we're actually not going
to use this ice what we're gonna do is
we're just gonna stir the drink up to
get it nice and cool and remember also
when I'm stirring it not only is it
getting cold it's actually picking up a
little bit of water as well so it's not
really a cocktail it'll picks up that
water to kind of smooth everything out
all right so we're stirred and now we're
pouring yeah now we're gonna strain it
over this really big rock right here the
reason why we have a big piece of ice is
because it keeps the drink nice and cold
it also dilutes very little so you don't
have to worry about having to water down
talked to a lot of time you've done
I know there's one last component that's
actually contingent on whether you
bourbon or rye this is one of the things
you taught me yeah yeah we always
recommend at our bar is that if you're
having it with bourbon put a nice big
lemon twist on top that's kind of give
it a little bit of structure but your
make with Riya recommend using orange
twisters it kind of complements the
spice express the zest I don't know how
you do that I want to get all the oils
on top then just go ahead and drop your
twist in there color side out perfect so
that my friends
it's a bourbon old fashioned enjoy give
it a try Colin let me know what you
think all right well Eric I show does
make a vessel fashion's he's actually
ruined me for most of the other old
catches I've ever had so let's give it a
go it's perfect it's absolutely perfect
well Eric thank you for joining me and
of course if you want to learn more
about craft cocktails the ones you can
order from a bar make at home keep it
tuned the kind of funny calm and Eric
you have a little deal for everyone out
there if you'd like to have me come up
with a custom cocktail made specifically
for you go to patreon.com/scishow
stocked a love yourself visit his bars
polite provisions in San Diego or
Boilermaker in New York City until next
time I'm going to go bathe in bourbon
you